So we're going to go ahead and comment all of this out and then afterwards we're going to set something
called default values.
Now what happens whenever we use destructuring with an object literal like so we do contest RBJ and
then we'll do like name is Fuyu identifier is the best care.
So nothing too crazy right here.
Then inside we make that object literal object literal just curly braces as they're called here for
destructuring identifier.
Now we specify the object we want to pull all this data out of.
And then we can just cancel it out.
Name and identified identifier when we write the identifier.
We go and if I don't if you're having trouble spell on here Scuse me so you can see it in self who the
best.
Now what happens if I specify something else like let's say another variable here and we'll just call
this cup we can call it whatever.
Well what's going to happen is the engine is going to look to see if there's any property in here by
the name of cup.
And if it doesn't find anything it's going to set this particular variable to undefined though it will
still technically exist.
It has been declared.
It just hasn't been initialized or set to a value.
So what you can do to handle this is you can set a default value of your own instead of it being a default
value of undefined you can set a default value of whatever you'd like.
True or you know coffee cup for example and now it says who the best coffee cup or any other variable
or any other default value that you might think of.